README.md, before:

# **Norie - Personal Portfolio**

This is my **personal portfolio website** built using **React, Vite, and Tailwind CSS**.  
It showcases my **projects, skills, and experiences** as a developer.

## **Features**

✅ **Responsive Design** – Optimized for mobile and desktop devices.  
✅ **Modern UI** – Styled with Tailwind CSS.  
✅ **Fast Performance** – Powered by Vite for lightning-fast development tool.  
✅ **Project Showcase** – Displays a compilation of my work.  
✅ **Skills & Experience** – Highlights my expertise and journey in application development.

## **Installation**

Follow these steps to set up the project locally:

### **1. Clone the Repository**

```sh
git clone https://github.com/justinenorie/personal-portfolio.git
cd personal-portfolio
```

### **2. Install Dependencies**

```sh
npm install
```

### **3. Start the Development Server**

```sh
npm run dev
```

This will start a local development server.

## **Tech Stack**

- **Vite** – Fast build tool for modern web apps
- **React** – Component-based UI library
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first CSS framework

## **License**

This project is open-source and available under the **MIT License**.

Commit message:

Update: Enhance README with clickable MIT License link and add copyright notice

README.md, after:

# **Norie - Personal Portfolio**

This is my **personal portfolio website** built using **React, Vite, and Tailwind CSS**.  
It showcases my **projects, skills, and experiences** as a developer.

## **Features**

✅ **Responsive Design** – Optimized for mobile and desktop devices.  
✅ **Modern UI** – Styled with Tailwind CSS.  
✅ **Fast Performance** – Powered by Vite for lightning-fast development tool.  
✅ **Project Showcase** – Displays a compilation of my work.  
✅ **Skills & Experience** – Highlights my expertise and journey in application development.

## **Installation**

Follow these steps to set up the project locally:

### **1. Clone the Repository**

```sh
git clone https://github.com/justinenorie/personal-portfolio.git
cd personal-portfolio
```

### **2. Install Dependencies**

```sh
npm install
```

### **3. Start the Development Server**

```sh
npm run dev
```

This will start a local development server.

## **Tech Stack**

- **Vite** – Fast build tool for modern web apps
- **React** – Component-based UI library
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first CSS framework

## **License**

This project is open-source and available under the <a href="https://opensource.org/license/mit" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><strong>MIT License</strong></a>.

Copyright &copy; 2025 Justine Norie Dela Cruz. All rights reserved.
